# CS340-Final-Project

When creating the CRUD Python module, I wrote each of the 4 functions (Create, Read, Update, Delete) as their own class. For readability, each class is commented to show the flow of the code within the class. Writing simple and readable code makes it easier to come back and adapt or maintain the code, even if a different programmer accesses the code. This python module could be used in the future to handle basic access functions for any other Mongo Database. 
When addressing the requirements of the project, I tried to use functions that most efficiently accessed the database. I found the best code to perform the required actions in the Mongo documentation so that the file size could be minimized and possible issues were consolodated for easy debugging. My approach for this project was different from other projects as I knew I would need to access this code with interface code. Writing the interface code was much simpler because I did not have to struggle with making it work with the python module. 
As a computer scientist, I am responsible for taking a client's needs and creating a solution with code. This solution needs to be usable for the target user, maintainable for any other programmer who may need to work on it, and reliable for the company. This project would help a company like Grazioso Salvare by streamlining their animal intake and assignment processes and reduce the work required to access and use their database. With a well made program, the company can save valuable time and money on record keeping and put those resources into improving the service they offer.
